$ DisputeNoticeWithindays = null
$ ARBSeatCity = null
$ ARBOrg = null
$ ARBCourtCountyState = null

Arbitration. PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PARAGRAPH CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES THE PARTIES TO ARBITRATE DISPUTES AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH THE PARTIES CAN SEEK RELIEF.
The parties agree to arbitrate any dispute arising from these Terms or relating to the Site, except that the parties are not required to arbitrate any dispute in which either party seeks equitable or other relief for the alleged unlawful use of copyrights, trademarks, trade names, logos, trade secrets or patents. ARBITRATION PREVENTS THE PARTIES FROM SUING IN COURT OR FROM HAVING A JURY TRIAL. The parties agree that the parties will notify each other of any dispute within {{DisputeNoticeWithindays}} of when it arises, that the parties will attempt informal resolution prior to any demand for arbitration, that any arbitration will occur in {{ARBSeatCity}} and that arbitration will be conducted confidentially by a single arbitrator in accordance with the rules of {{ARBOrg}}. The parties also agree that the state or federal courts in {{ARBCourtCountyState}} have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals of an arbitration award and over any suit between the parties not subject to arbitration. In any arbitration, the parties will not seek discovery from each other, and the arbitrator shall not allow parties to engage in discovery; rather, each party shall disclose the evidence supporting their positions at some mutually agreeable time and date prior to the final hearing. Other than class procedures and remedies discussed below, the arbitrator has the authority to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court. Neither party will participate in a class action or class-wide arbitration for any claims covered by these Terms. The parties also agree not to participate in claims brought in an private attorney general or representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another person, if the other party is a party to the proceeding. If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable, then that language shall be deemed to have been dropped from the Terms and the remaining obligations relating to arbitration shall continue in full force and effect.